README.md, before:

# Hugginface Discord Interface
_This project is not affiliated with nor endorsed by Discord. Discord is included in the project name as an indicator of the intended use case.
This project is not affiliated with nor endorsed by HuggingFace. HuggingFace is included in the project name as an indicator of the intended use case.
All trademarks are property of their respective owners_


## About The Project

Creates an interface between Huggingface Inference API and the Discord API.  

This project allows:
* A discord bot to send message text to a huggingface inference API to any available model, send the output back to discord.
  * Ping the bot directly to start a new conversation.
  * Reply to a previous response from the bot to continue an existing conversation.

## Getting Started

The HuggingFace Discord Interface project is built using gradle. The project include a gradle wrapper so does not need to be downloaded ahead of time.
All examples assume that they will be ran in a bourne shell. If using powershell or Window's command prompt, you may need to modify the commands.

### Prerequisites

The following tools are required to begin.
* Java 17 (for example [Amazon Corretto](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/corretto/latest/corretto-17-ug/downloads-list.html))
  * `JAVA_HOME` environment variable must be set
  * `PATH` environment variable must include the bin directory from `JAVA_HOME`

### Installation

1. Create a hugginface API Key at [https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/quicktour](https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/quicktour)
2. Create a discord API Key at [https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/oauth2](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/oauth2)
3. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/HDI-AI/HuggingfaceDiscordInterface.git
   ```
4. Enter your API keys in `src/main/resources/application.properties`
   ```
   net.magswag.ai.model.token='ENTER YOUR HUGGINGFACE API TOKEN'
   net.magswag.ai.discord.token='ENTER YOUR DISCORD API TOKEN'
   ```
5. Build the project
   ```sh
   ./gradlew clean build
   ```

## Usage
* Run the application through gradle
   ```sh
   ./gradlew bootRun
   ```
* Run the application in the command line
   ```sh
   ./gradlew clean build && java -jar build/libs/HuggingfaceDiscordInterface-1.0.0.jar
   ```

## Roadmap

- [ ] Add a generic docker file and update usage for running with docker
- [ ] Add logic for the bot to leave discord servers

See the [open issues](https://github.com/HDI-AI/HuggingfaceDiscordInterface/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).


## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/yourUsername/FeatureName`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'A description of the change'`)
   * commit often, with the smallest possible changes in each commit.
   * each commit should compile.
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/yourUsername/FeatureName`)
5. Open a Pull Request


## License

1. See `LICENSE.txt` for the information specific to the HDI software license.  
2. The dependencies of this software use, [Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/)
3. 

## Contact

Project Link: [https://github.com/HDI-AI/HuggingfaceDiscordInterface](https://github.com/HDI-AI/HuggingfaceDiscordInterface)

## Acknowledgments and External Documentation

Please take time to review the following important documentation, acknowledgements, and helpful development documentation.

* [falcon-180B-chat acceptable use policy](https://huggingface.co/spaces/tiiuae/falcon-180b-license/blob/main/ACCEPTABLE_USE_POLICY.txt)
* [falcon-180B-chat license](https://huggingface.co/spaces/tiiuae/falcon-180b-license/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)
* [Huggingface Inference API Documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/quicktour)
* [Discord Development](https://discord.com/developers/docs/intro)
* [JDA Discord API wrapper](https://github.com/discord-jda/JDA)
* [Spring Boot](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.2.0/reference/html/)
* [Java Docs](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api/)

Commit message:

Add dockerfile, update readme for docker; minor corrections/clarifications to readme

README.md, after:

# Hugginface Discord Interface
_This project is not affiliated with nor endorsed by Discord. Discord is included in the project name as an indicator of the intended use case.
This project is not affiliated with nor endorsed by HuggingFace. HuggingFace is included in the project name as an indicator of the intended use case.
All trademarks are property of their respective owners_


## About The Project

Creates an interface between Huggingface Inference API and the Discord API.  

This project allows:
* A discord bot to send message text to a huggingface inference API to any available model, send the output back to discord.
  * Ping the bot directly to start a new conversation.
  * Reply to a previous response from the bot to continue an existing conversation.

## Getting Started

The HuggingFace Discord Interface project uses gradle as a built tool. The project includes a gradle wrapper so that gradle does not need to be installed ahead of time.
All examples assume that they will be ran in a bourne shell. If using powershell or Window's command prompt, you may need to modify the commands to use `gradlew.bat` instead of `gradlew`.

### Prerequisites

The following tools are required to begin.
* Java 17 (for example [Amazon Corretto](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/corretto/latest/corretto-17-ug/downloads-list.html))
  * `JAVA_HOME` environment variable must be set
  * `PATH` environment variable must include the bin directory from `JAVA_HOME`
* Docker installed if running the project inside Docker.


### Installation

1. Create a Huggingface API Key at [https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/quicktour](https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/quicktour)
2. Create a Discord API Key at [https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/oauth2](https://discord.com/developers/docs/topics/oauth2)
3. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/HDI-AI/HuggingfaceDiscordInterface.git
   ```
4. Enter your API keys in `src/main/resources/application.properties`
   ```
   net.magswag.ai.model.token='ENTER YOUR HUGGINGFACE API TOKEN'
   net.magswag.ai.discord.token='ENTER YOUR DISCORD API TOKEN'
   ```
5. Build the project
   ```sh
   ./gradlew clean build
   ```

## Usage
* Run the application through gradle
   ```sh
   ./gradlew bootRun
   ```
* Run the application in the command line
   ```sh
   ./gradlew clean build && java -jar build/libs/HuggingfaceDiscordInterface-1.0.0.jar
   ```
* Run the application in docker
   ```sh
   ./gradlew clean build && docker build -t magswag/hdi . && docker run magswag/hdi
   ```


## Roadmap

- [ ] Add a generic docker file and update usage for running with docker
- [ ] Add logic for the bot to leave discord servers

See the [open issues](https://github.com/HDI-AI/HuggingfaceDiscordInterface/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).


## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/yourUsername/FeatureName`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'A description of the change'`)
   * commit often, with the smallest possible changes in each commit.
   * each commit should compile.
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/yourUsername/FeatureName`)
5. Open a Pull Request


## License

1. See `LICENSE.txt` for the information specific to the HDI software license.  
2. The dependencies of this software use, [Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/)
3. 

## Contact

Project Link: [https://github.com/HDI-AI/HuggingfaceDiscordInterface](https://github.com/HDI-AI/HuggingfaceDiscordInterface)

## Acknowledgments and External Documentation

Please take time to review the following important documentation, acknowledgements, and helpful development documentation.

* [falcon-180B-chat acceptable use policy](https://huggingface.co/spaces/tiiuae/falcon-180b-license/blob/main/ACCEPTABLE_USE_POLICY.txt)
* [falcon-180B-chat license](https://huggingface.co/spaces/tiiuae/falcon-180b-license/blob/main/LICENSE.txt)
* [Huggingface Inference API Documentation](https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/quicktour)
* [Discord Development](https://discord.com/developers/docs/intro)
* [JDA Discord API wrapper](https://github.com/discord-jda/JDA)
* [Spring Boot](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.2.0/reference/html/)
* [Java Docs](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/docs/api/)
